you will need all your strength in the
days to come
I reason to fear there are hard days
coming but I am no prophet
I see no more than the shadows of ghosts
this Spanish Armada is itse with an army
of 10,000 men hi Lucia earlier day away
of majesty Walter Raleigh majesty this
man is a pirate Spain is no friend of
England the more gold I take Majesty the
safer you will be he interests me
talking I care for your safety threats
to your person our meal Spain intends to
place Mary Stuart on our country's
throne line to be assassinated tell your
king I fear neither him nor his armies
there is a wind coming that will sweep
away your pride I to become on the
winter I have a hurricane in me the
mustard rain bear and you dare to try me
our mission mr. Killer Queen
we will not fear the coming of the
shadow of death
we morsels have many weaknesses we feel
too much hard too much all too soon we
die but we do have the chance of love
I envy you buzz or Frieda but I cannot
help
forgive me majesty I have failed you
miss Armada that sails against us Kara
is the Inquisition we cannot to be
defeated the Spanish will overwhelm us
since when were you so afraid when the
storm breaks sama done with terror and
some spread her wings and soar
come with the armies of house
I'm in the bag
my god England will not fall balaiah
come
you